so today I have something really
exciting because we're gonna be
myth-busting a mystery which fooled so
many people and we're not talking about
a mystery of Niko Bellic or a sunken
ship or just something which rockstar
created this is a mystery a random user
created over at Reddit and it came out
just a few months ago it went super
viral and it fooled so many people
including myself and essentially what
the mystery was was a ghost inside the
mineshaft
in Grand Theft Auto 5 and I had steps on
how to summon the ghost it showed the
person summoning the ghost and it
tricked so many people but in this video
I'm gonna be myth-busting this mystery
and it is so simple on how this guy did
it it is just it will make you think oh
okay
that was pretty simple but at the same
time when I found out how this guy did
it I was kind of mind blown because it
was simple but it was also extremely
clever what this guy did and it went
viral so many people got fooled
including myself and it is just crazy
how this guy did it so before I do so if
you could smash that goal of 1000 likes
in the video that would very much
appreciate it and I do recommend you
subscribe to my channels he'll never
miss out on any more Grand Theft Auto 5
content every single day but moving into
this video let me roll this clip and as
you can see right now this is the
mystery and essentially what this guy
did was put night vision on throw a
Molotov at the door at the end of the
mineshaft
and a ghost is seen to be running out
from the door down the mineshaft and it
fooled me it fooled so many people so
many of you guys were messaging me about
this mystery and like I said I had to go
and check it out and see if it was
actually legit and I tried it so many
times I was convinced this is genuinely
a ghost inside the mineshaft yet the
audio he had everything lined up and it
was just perfectly done how this guy did
it but this is no easter egg this is no
mystery Rockstar Games put in this is
completely faked and staged and I'm
gonna explain how you can stage it for
yourself and how you can remake exactly
what this guy did and put first off
let's try and mix things up and do
something interesting just think in your
head right now exactly how this guy did
what he did how the mystery kept planned
out and I'll explain just now so let me
know in the comment section below if you
got it right but essentially what this
guy did was have his friend who is the
ghost Turnham
selves invisible now you can turn your
character invisible doing a series of
glitches unfortunately right now I
couldn't find a glitch which turns your
an entire character invisible but you
can search them up on YouTube and see
that there are genuinely glitches of
characters to be turned invisible I
believe right now there's most likely
mods you can do it with as well but
essentially when there was a glitch to
turn a character invisible what this guy
did was have his friend turn invisible
and then stand at the end of the
mineshaft door where he throws the
Molotov now the person you're watching
from first-person view simply put
night-vision goggles on and then went
into his settings his display turned off
blips turned off anything to do with
referencing an enemy in front of you so
essentially when he's looking at this
guy who is invisible he doesn't come up
on his radar he doesn't come up on the
end of his gun and he does an auto lock
on to the player as well so essentially
this guy is just completely invisible
using a glitch and he is off the other
person's radar as he set the settings
off so when he throws the Molotov onto
the guy who's invisible and the moment
the guys set on fire he runs away from
the door so it looks like the fire is
coming from the door as he runs towards
the fire and then of course he runs down
the mineshaft and the fire only
disappears when the fire would genuinely
disappear if it's on any type of
character in Grand Theft Auto 5 and
because the fire didn't kill him because
he also had his displayed turned off on
radar and blips you couldn't see any
damage done to this dude you couldn't
see him at the end of you gun even if he
looked at him and you couldn't see him
die because he didn't die so essentially
this guy was completely invisible he was
on fire and he was mimicking a
ghost-like figure in Grand Theft Auto 5
so that is essentially how the mystery
was done I know you guys are probably
thinking why this mystery is super old
but no one kind of cracked it no one
went down on this and told everyone how
it worked
everyone kind of assumed there was a
ghost in the mineshaft and those few
people who understood how it worked you
guys are clever and you guys just worked
it out before so many people did but
essentially that is how the guy did it
and that is the full tutorial to this
mysterious ghost now of course you can
use this tutorial the moment and a
visibility glitch comes out to prank
your friends as well as they might not
know any different for as long as you
tell them to switch their displays off
so they can't actually see you on their
radar or at the end of your gun but I'm
more than happy to keep this a myth I'm
more than happy to keep a legend so if
you want to keep a legend in the game
then let's keep the legendary ghost
inside the
shaft just to keep the hype up in that
mine shaft but let me know your thoughts
down in the comments guys if you did
enjoyed this video be sure to leave a
like and subscribe to my channel to
never miss out on any more grounded or
d5 content every single day but guys my
name is noughts and you guys Rock